# Dynamic Programming & Algorithm Design using Python

This section of my portfolio showcases my programming proficiency and familiarity with the Python language through an implementation of the Frequency-Hopped Code Selection (FHCS) scheme for Dual-Function Radar Communications (DFRC) technologies. I developed this scheme during my PhD candidature and it served as the subject of my doctoral thesis. This scheme was [first published](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8645212) in the IEEE Xplore research database in 2018, and has since gathered relevancy and traction within the international DFRC research space.
  
This subdirectory contains two folders: "Radar Performance Analysis" and "Communications Performance Analysis". The former provides a walk-through of a Python script which obtains the average ambiguity function (AF) performance of the scheme, while the latter provides a similar walk-through for another Python script which obtains its symbol error rate (SER) performance in the presence of noise. Both scripts demonstrate my application of dynamic programming and algorithm design to codify sequences of logic, automate procedures and solve complex technical problems using Python. Summarily, this section provides a snapshot of my technical skillset which was honed during my professional career in academia as a research scientist.

For those wishing to engage in further reading on the FHCS scheme, I refer them to my list of [publications](https://github.com/WilliamBaxter417/Publications) which is also contained within this portfolio.
